In this section, we are going to further secure our sites using ancient X rate, limiting SML, our
PC is a bundled WordPress script.
It allows remote connections to WordPress without XML, RBC, various tools and publishing applications
will not be able to access the website.
Unfortunately, XML RBC is an attack vector for malicious bots that try to mount a distributed denial
of service attack bot scan WordPress or Wukong.
Most sites for WP log in, dot up there, then try a senseless amount of password attempts over and
over again.
This leads to your system being overloaded, dealing with these attempts.
It slows everything down and could even lead to crashing your server rate.
Limiting is used to limit the amount of git and or post requests a user can make in a given period of
time.
Rate limiting can be used for security purposes to slow down brute force, password guessing attacks
and to protect your website against attacks by limiting the incoming requests right down to a value
that is typical for real users.
If you don't use Getback or concern yourself with pinback, simply block access to XML or PC.
We already have this directive in the WP Security SEO NFR.
If you make use of XML or PC, you cannot block access to that file.
So you need to add rate limiting on XML or PC.
We cannot block access to WPE logging login, so we need to limit the number of logging attempts through
rate limiting.
We are going to make use of rate limiting to slow down a brute force attack.
If the rate is exceeded.
Engin X returns a father of three error page.
We can also make use of the limit request status directive.
This will drop the request and not send any response back to the user.
This will be a HTP for ForFour response.
A 444 response is not part of the HTP standard.
It was introduced by Ingenix for their server logs to indicate when the server simply did not send a
response and closed the connection.
We need to add the limit request zone directive to the HTP context of Engine X Dot SEO and if let's
look at the variables that make up the limit requests.
Director The Limit Request Zone Directive defines the parameters for rate limiting.
Anri remote address holds a binary representation of the client's IP address.
The Zone defines the shared memory zone used to store the state of each IP address and how often it
has accessed a request limited.
You are allowed ten means ten megabytes.
That is the size of this one.
Megabyte can hold approximately 16000 unique IP addresses.
So our ten meg zone can hold around 160000 IP addresses.
If you have lots of sites with very high traffic, you may want to increase that value.
The rate sets the maximum request rate in the example, the rate cannot exceed thirty requests per minute.
Ten R.
S means that ten requests per second is allowed with a rate of thirty requests per minute.
You are effectively restricting the request to one every two seconds.
The limit request directive gets added to the server context of your site's Engine X configuration file.
Let's look at the variables that make up the limit request directive.
The directive itself limit request enables a rate limiting within the context where it appears the burst
parameter defines how many requests a client can make in excess of the rate specified by the zone,
a request that arrives sooner than what we have specified is put in a queue.
Here we are simply setting the queue size to twenty.
This means if 21 requests arrive from a given IP address simultaneously, ancient X forwards the first
one to the upstream server group immediately and puts the remaining twenty in the queue.
It then forwards a skewed request every two seconds and returns a favor three nearer to the client only
if an incoming request makes the number of queue requests go over twenty.
No delay makes sure as soon as a request limit exceeds the TTP status, code five zero three is returned
to the client using limit request status 444 we.
Drop the request and not send any response back to the user, the limited request directive is added
to the server context of your site's Engine X configuration file.
It gets added underneath the location block.
It's important to note that the directives that make up the existing location block must added underneath
the limited request status director.
Please ensure you're logged into your server and you can change to the FTC slash Ingenix directory in
the Etsy Ingenix directory.
We can open engine Eckstut SEO in if using Nannar.
We are going to add the limit to request zone directive.
It must be added in the HTP context of ancient X.com and if there is are HTP context and the opening
Brissy for the HTP context can add it just about anywhere as long as it's in the HTP context.
I've added some comments, Ingenix right, limit, director of the Metro Quest Zone, Bayani remote
address zone, 110 megabytes and the rate 30 requests per minute.
You can close engine X.com enough saving your changes.
Test the configuration, the configuration test is successful inside the engine next directory.
I'd like you to create a new directory.
We're going to call this territory includes our previous include files we added in Global.
These are updates to the course.
I like to keep newer configuration changes we are making in a separate directory.
It makes troubleshooting easier.
You can change to the includes directory Sudano the file name rate underscore limit dot seo and if the
contents of regular mazzeo and if we have two location blocks, both are an exact match location equals
an exact match for WP login and XML are picked up.
Then we have our limit request directive and the limit request status directive.
We're going to return a 444.
We are not going to return a response when the rate is exceeded.
What's important about these directives, the three existing directives underneath your limited request
status?
It's important to add the directives that make up the existing location block underneath limit request
status.
If you do not do that, the limit request directors will not work correctly.
You can close the rate limit dogecoin if saving your changes can change to the sites available.
Directory Etsy Ingenix Saaz available.
I'm going to open my sites configuration file using Nannar.
Your WordPress security directives were added before the location block.
That process processes the rate limit directive's get added after the block that processes P.
Include the path to the file we want to include ETEK Ingenix includes Right underscore limit dot CEO
and if Semi Kotla you can close your site's configuration file, saving the changes.
As always, test the configuration, duplicate location.
Change to your global directory inside the global directory.
Open WordPress security dot seo in.
If there is the duplicate location directive we have location equals an exact match, for example,
our PC that we need to comment or delete that particular directive.
I'll comment.
The directive close WordPress security directives.
Saving your changes to the configuration test is successful.
Reload Ingenix to enable the changes I've opened by site and requested the file XML AAPC.
Let's do this a few times, request the file continuously.
I've exceeded the rate, the site cannot be reached, WP logging.
I'm going to tap login a few times.
The site cannot be reached if I look at my site's error log file there you can see the rate limiting
in action.
Looking at the access log, WP login, notice the HTTP response codes, 202 under 200.
The rate limit is exceeded.
No responses sent to the client 444.
In this lecture, we added an additional layer of security to our WordPress sites by adding Ingenix
rate limiting protection to XML, RBC and WP login.